# Chapter 8

The man clad in armor was sitting on a rock and sharpening his sword.

“You can’t fool your age. I can feel this cold winter air in my bones.”

He grumbled as he cleaned the blood of his sword.

“… ”

A corpse was lying behind the rock where he was sitting, and it was still visible even in the heavy snowfall.

The corpse’s eyes were still wide open because the man could not bear to close them.

“You’ve come quite far, senior.”

The man read a bloodstained letter while sharpening his sword.

Then, he heard a sound coming from afar.

“It’s quite convincing.”

A melodious sound that didn’t seem to stop.

It was the sound of a cuckoo.

※※※※

“Long time no see, Jorge.”

“…”

Instead of answering, Jorge looked at the droplets of blood hanging from the tip of the man’s sword.

“Who did you kill?”

You still maintain tight security.”

Vlad swallowed hard and stared at the man before him.

The unknown man smiled as he looked at Vlad.

“He is quite a promising novice.”

“Why have you come now of all times?”

Among all the people Vlad had encountered so far, Jorge had naturally been the biggest and strongest.

But at this moment, Vlad could sense it while standing behind Jorge…

The man, who slowly walked towards Jorge, appeared even more imposing as he picked up a bottle of wine.

“Count Gaidar has passed away.”

“…!”

Jorge’s eyes widened as he heard the man’s words.

“I haven’t heard such news…”

“It hasn’t been officially announced yet due to some complications, but soon everyone will know.”

The man said as he swirled the brimming wine glass while looking at Jorge.

“For the pitiful Count Gaidar.”

“You son of a bitch!”

Before the man could finish his sentence, Jorge roared like a beast and charged forward.

Despite his massive stature, his agility was so remarkable that it was hard to believe.

“And…”

Crack!

Amidst the deafening strike from Jorge, the wine glass shattered, and the alcohol spilled out.

“For the new Count Gaidar, Sigmund.”

Before he knew it, the man was standing behind Jorge.

“G-Go—din!”

“The first command of the new Count Sigmund.”

Jorge roared from top of his lungs, and his upper body became as rigid as a rocky mountain.

“Have the deserter knight, Jorge, return immediately.”

“Sigmund is not my lord!”

Jorge’s muscles that had been hidden in the bandages until now were coming out and the blood oozed from the open wounds again.

“Of course, the Count does not expect you to return quietly.”

But even in the face of Jorge’s menacing appearance, the man referred to as Godin remained calm.

“Nor does he hope for that to happen.”

“You sons of—!”

Kwaaaaaah!

Expose 70% and conceal 30% of your strength for that moment that you don’t know when will come.

“Kyahhh!”

“Marcella!”

And at that moment, Jorge unleashed his devastating strike and revealed his full strength without restraint.

Although there was no aura, half of the floor was destroyed from a single swing of Jorge’s sword.

The attack was so strong that the entire Rose’s Smiles trembled for a moment and it also revealed Jorge’s hidden skills as a knight until now. But it was much like the outburst of a wounded beast.

“Ugh!”

Vlad swiftly carried the staggering Marcella and avoided the collapsing floor. He quickly leaves the danger zone.

He was agile, but his movements were equally frantic.

And just when he thought he had escaped…

“What the…”

An unrealistic sight lay before him.

“Urgh!”

He saw the splattering droplets of blood and a crumbling railing.

The strongest the boy had ever seen was falling.

“You still make foolish choices, Jorge.”

The knight spoke with his left eye closed.

Along with Jorge’s fall, the boy’s common sense and faith were shattering.

Boom!

A deafening noise created as the heavy body fell to the ground.

Everyone was startled by the sound and rushed out of Rose’s smiles.

“Jorge!”

Vlad quickly grabbed the railing and peered down into the lobby.

“Cough…”

There, the boy’s shattered world was convulsing as he spat out blood.

Jorge was the first to extend his hand to Vlad who was rolling around in the back alley.

Jorge was the first to acknowledge him.

And Jorge was the strongest person Vlad had ever seen.

“Boss!”

“What’s going on!”

But now he was writhing in his messed-up state.

The organization members panicked and didn’t know what to do in the face of the sudden chaotic situation, and Jorge was covered in blood struggling to stand.

“Grrr…”

The organization members from the first floor rushed in a state of confusion, but Jorge only let out rough groans.

Only Vlad, who had witnessed everything, could predict what would happen next.

“Damn it!”

The knight, who had opened his left eye, was attempting to jump down to the first floor.

His sword was adorned with a blue aura resembling moonlight.

“Jorge!”

“…”

Seeing this, Vlad warned Jorge and threw his dagger toward the knight.

The boy had never formally learned martial arts, but he was skilled in slinging stones.

Clang!

Although brief, Vlad’s actions successfully obstructed the knight’s movement toward the first floor.

“Ughhh!”

It bought Jorge some time and he had managed to stand up with great difficulty.

“…”

The knight looked into Vlad’s eyes with a cold gaze before descending to the first floor.

Kwaaaaah!

The blue afterimages like moonlight enveloped Rose’s smile as Godin’s aura clashed with Jorge’s sword.

It was like the wind and mist.

“Grrrr!”

Despite his injuries, Jorge successfully deflected the knight’s blow, carrying aura.

Perhaps it was a one-time success.

“Godin…”

Jorge had barely managed to defend against the attack. The killing intent was flowing from his eyes, but Godin had successfully withstood it with subtle expression.

“You should have followed orders.”

“…I’m human. I won’t obey such bullshit orders.”

“No.”

Godin spoke without a smile on his lips.

“You are a knight.”

It was a brief conversation consisting of just a few words, but countless emotions were surging between the two, much like the continuous growling of the two swords clashing against each other.

“This night has been too long for me, Jorge. I just want to rest now.”

“What?”

However, Godin had nothing more to say to Jorge.

He just wanted to rest.

※※※※

“It’s dangerous, Vlad! Don’t go down!”

At that moment when no one could move easily, Vlad shook off Marcella, who was holding onto him, and ran down to the first floor.

‘I brought him!’

Responsibility, self-blame, embarrassment, and anger at being deceived by someone.

All kinds of emotions swirled within the 16-year-old boy’s soul.

He wasn’t at fault, but Vlad didn’t think so.

The size of the vessel he was born with made him think that way.

Vlad went down the creaky stairs to the lobby as if he was flying, and he saw the organization members who were holding their breath slowly standing up.

“No!”

Vlad screamed at the top of his lungs as he realized what they were about to do.

The man known as Godin is a knight.

Not just any knight, but a knight who knew how to handle aura.

A presence that couldn’t be approached by the thugs rolling around in the alley.

“Don’t do it!”

Vlad was about to jump from the second floor as he was holding on to the railing to stop them, but he felt a chill on the back of his neck.

His sensitive senses and innate instincts detected something ominous.

[Duck!]

“…”

Vlad quickly lowered his head following the thunderous voice in his head.

Swoosh!

Several strands of hair that hadn’t been avoided in time fluttered through the moonlight.

The blue moonlight quietly approaches….

And with it, dozens of roses bloomed everywhere accompanied by distant screams.

“…”

“Ugh!”

Roses bloomed by the moonlight dyed everything with red.

The red that was born from the heart and has now come out into the world was generously revealing its existence. Like the consolation of the antique ornaments that Marcella loved.

“Uwaaaah!”

It completely covered the table where Vlad sat and sold candles.

“Ugh!”

Rose’s smiles was generously painted in red.

“Ugh… Ugh…”

A dreadful silence descended on Rose’s smiles after one last scream.

“Heo-eok… Heo-eok…”

Vlad was crouched down and breathing heavily, as he ruminated on the event that had just happened.

It was just a single swing of the sword, at least that’s how Vlad saw it.

It appeared to be an ordinary strike, but the results it brought were catastrophic.

The once lively Rose’s Smiles had now turned silent.

“Ugh…”

Vlad forced his shaking legs and crawled down to the first floor.

He didn’t even notice the tears and saliva falling to the floor.

“Fuck!… Fuck!”

The first person to welcome Vlad on the first floor was Burleigh.

Actually, it was Burleigh’s corpse and his body was growing cold as all his life force was drained out of him.

“Ugh!”

Vlad looked everywhere with his bloodshot eyes, unable to control the emotions boiling inside him.

Creak-

Someone stepped on the shattered wooden floor and approached Vlad in the still lobby.

“You son of a bitch!”

The head of Jorge held in Godin’s hand looked at Vlad with an empty gaze.

“Aaaaah!”

[Don’t do it!]

The boy lost his reason. He grabbed a sword from among the corpses and charged at the knight who had summoned the moonlight.

It was swift and agile, yet a powerful charge, like an attack of wounded beast.

Just like someone from before.

“Die!”

Although Vlad was driven by anger rather than reason, there was only one sword path imprinted on his body.

Always do your best in the end.

Concentrate all your mind and strength.

Strike down.

Narrow your elbow!

“…”

At that moment, the drops of blood on the boy’s sword formed a thin line.

A beautiful curved trajectory.

It was the sword path.

It was the first step of becoming a swordsman, and the sword path is a domain that cannot be achieved with ordinary effort and skill.

The boy who had been confined to the slums was reproducing it. Only with his own strength.

“Excellent.”

A downward slash filled with the boy’s effort and anger was fired at the knight.

In that moment, even the knight was left stunned and unable to look away.

“An excellent downward slash.”

However, the path created by the boy was weak to reach the world created by the knight.

Whoosh!

Godin didn’t even try to parry Vlad’s sword. He simply evaded it with a single movement and then threw a kick.

The boy’s strike hadn’t reached a level where it could force Godin to draw his sword.

Crash! Bang!

With a loud noise, the remaining knight of whores rolled mercilessly on the blood-soaked floor.

“Heuk!”

[Breathe, boy! Don’t lose your mind!]

Vlad couldn’t breathe.

It felt like his chest was being crushed. Even the voice resounding in his head was insufficient to awaken Vlad’s faint consciousness.

That’s how powerful the blow was.

“You’re a natural. You instinctively twisted your body to avoid it.”

Godin was once again amazed by Vlad’s movements. It was a powerful kick enough to break his ribs, but he had managed to evade it through instinct.

“You son of a bitch…”

It wasn’t perfect, but it worked.

As he looked at the boy who was cursing quietly, Godin held his sword and fell into contemplation.

“Kill me…”

Godin made a decision as he looked at Vlad who was telling himself to kill him, but his eyes were still alive.

It would be a waste to cut down this promising bud now, even if it might come back to haunt him as a sharp sword in the future.

“… Hmm.”

The senior whom he was now holding in his left hand once said that watching over those with potential is always a pleasure.

…He used to say that to my past self.

“Hey, you. Kid who guided me. A knight takes only his fair price.”

Godin decided to think of it as a last gift to his senior.

Tuck!

Something fell onto Vlad’s head as he struggled to get up.

It was something black.

“…”

Vlad looked at the fallen object to identify it. It was jerky.

Beef jerky made by Zemina.

“My name isn’t Stan.”

Another piece of meat fell on Vlad’s head.

“I am not 42 years old.”

“…..What are you doing?”

A blue light appeared in Vlad’s eyes at Godin’s humiliating treatment.

“This is my fair price, and I will take it.”

Godin said as he tightened his grip on Jorge’s neck.

“But I received the wrong price, so I am giving it back.”

Vlad couldn’t offer any response to Godin’s words.

The winner stands above, and the loser below. It was the right of the victor to decide everything.

Godin turned away and said, “With your life.”

Jorge’s eyes were shaking pitifully in Godin’s left hand.

“Don’t even think about receiving the price for the second jerky. It didn’t taste good.”

Tears mixed with blood fell from the eyes of Vlad as he gazed at the shaking eyes of Jorge.

“I will kill you… for sure!”

The knight bathed in the blue moonlight was leaving with the sound of his staggering footsteps. After shattering the world of the boy that had existed firmly until yesterday.

The boy cried out softly as he crawled across the blood-stained floor.

But the person who was supposed to listen to him had already left.

“I will fucking kill you! Godin!”

The boy cried out in anger and called the name of the knight.

Now, he didn’t even know what to call the knight who had gone.

Only the weeping whores silently witnessed the angry cry of the boy.

This is Rose’s smiles now, the red brothel, and the shattered world of the boy.

The nest where no one can live now was filled with only muffled cries.