# Chapter 16

The mission of the subjugation unit raised in the city of Varna was reaching its final stages.

They have mobilized mercenaries to reduce the number of monsters in the forest, so next spring they will be able to release sheep and cows into the fields with peace of mind.

Although the results were not significant enough to please Josef, the commander of the subjugation unit.

“Those bastards who couldn’t even say a word to Vlad.”

When Vlad became Zayar’s squire and naturally left the mercenaries, Gott became the new leader of the 4th squad.

Now, there were only six members left, including himself.

“Since it’s almost over, let’s endure.”

Typically, the position of a squad leader should be taken by the strongest and most influential person. However, now that the subjugation was coming to an end, it practically became a position for taking care of trivial matters.

In other words, Gott was pushed into troublesome tasks.

“Why is the fog so thick in winter?”

For this reason, despite being the leader of a squad, Gott was out in the middle of the night, standing watch.

The last camp before the final subjugation.

Gott looked at the surrounding mist, the approaching sleep, the cold weather, and missed his sleeping bag at the camp.

“Anything unusual?”

“There doesn’t seem to be anything special.”

There was a man suddenly coming out of the fog towards Gott, who was yawning for a long time.

The man had short-cropped black hair and a thick build.

“Stay alert and keep up the good work.”

“Yes, Sir Rodrick.”

Knight Rodrick.

For Josef, who had few knights loyal to him, Rodrick was the only one who could do his bidding aside from Zayar.

And it was also the reason why Gott, who was far from diligent, focused on the role of standing watch.

“Tsk. He is so sturdy that a single needle won’t get through him.”

As Rodrick passed by, Gott muttered in an inaudible voice.

The presence of Rodrick, who values discipline and rules anytime and anywhere, was a burden to the mercenaries.

“Shall I close my eyes for a moment now?”

Since he just went on patrol, he could probably relax for a while.

Just as Gott was about to close his eyes.

“What are you doing here?”

Rodrick’s voice echoed through the thick fog.

‘Hasn’t he left yet?’

Gott opened his eyes wide and tried to find Rodrick by relying on the torches scattered around.

“What do you mean, you are looking for a child?”

‘Who is he talking to?’

In the dark night, amidst the thick fog.

Although the visibility was not clear, it was evident that Rodrick was having a conversation with someone.

But the strange thing was that while Rodrick’s voice was clear, the voice of the person he was talking to was not audible at all.

“Now that I see, you look like a crazy woman. I am not your child.”

‘Child?’

In the strange conversation that didn’t seem to make sense, Gott found himself unknowingly focusing on the direction from which Rodrick’s voice could be heard.

“…”

However, Rodrick’s voice that had been coming through the fog seemed to have stopped, as if it were suddenly cut off.

‘What’s going on?’

Sensing something odd, Gott left his post and quietly moved towards the direction where the sound had been coming from.

Although his sword skills were not remarkable, Gott possessed the ability to move discreetly like a swindler.

Step-step-

All he could hear was his own footsteps on the snow, and there was no sign of Rodrick, who had been talking to anyone just a moment ago.

‘…. Where is he going?’

Yet, in the distance, Rodrick could be seen walking towards the illuminated edge of the torch.

‘What’s that?’

But there was something strange. It was circling around Rodrick as he walked towards the forest.

‘…!’

The moment Gott vaguely confirmed its identity, a chill ran down his spine.

‘What is that!’

A faint figure in the dense fog.

It was a woman with long hair.

The woman’s hair was swirling around Rodrick as if she had no physical body to run with.

※※※※

“So, I plan to return to Varna as soon as this subjugation unit returns…”

Josef stretched his words as he looked around at the knights.

A peculiar atmosphere enveloped them.

The knights avoided making eye contact with Josef, as if they were somehow embarrassed.

And amidst them, Zayar had a vague smile, which was the complete opposite.

“I hope you prepare accordingly.”

“…Yes.”

“Understood, Lord Josef.”

“Well then, that’s how it should be.”

After finishing his words, Josef turned his head to survey the knights.

More precisely, he was looking at the squires standing behind the knights.

Behind each knight stood squires assisting them.

“…”

They all seemed to be in a disheveled state.

Vordan’s squire, with swollen eyes, was in relatively better condition.

Bloodshot eyes, cracked lips, and an expression that seemed somewhat frightened.

Only Vlad, standing behind Zayar, had a clean face and an expression that seemed to convey utter confusion.

“Dismissed, then.”

“Cough, um!”

“With such fierceness.”

“As expected of those from the back alleys, tsk tsk.”

Although it was unclear to whom they were speaking, the knights said a few words one by one and left the tent.

As soon as all the knights except Zayar left the tent, Josef looked at Vlad with sad eyes.

“Did you hit him?”

“I’m not sure what you’re talking about…..”

“I hate lies.”

“… There was a brief hazing last night.”

“Hazing?”

As Zayar’s hand was about to rise, Vlad quickly responded.

“They wanted to receive senior treatment.”

Currently, Vlad officially held the position of Zayar’s squire. Despite some complicated stories, at least it seemed that way in the eyes of others.

“And?”

“It is usually a ceremony where newcomers introduce themselves, right? So, I just showed them what they wanted to see.”

Typically, unless in special circumstances, the position of a knight’s squire was given to the children of nobles or wealthy families who aspired to become knights.

In the first place, it was the same as the position one had to go through to become a knight, so even though the position of squire involved doing chores, it could be said to be a position that ordinary people could not even dream of.

In the world where these precious young masters gathered, having an unfamiliar fellow like him around was undoubtedly a problem that needed to be addressed at least once from their perspective.

“Well… it’s a hundred times better than getting beaten up and coming back.”

When Josef’s gaze turned towards Zayar, he shrugged and responded.

“Boys of that age grow up fighting with each other.”

“It seems to put you in a good mood for some reason.”

“Everyone hopes for their dog to be better than other dogs of different homes.”

Although Vlad was compared with a dog, he dared not express dissatisfaction, as the presence of the two people here was too overwhelming.

“Well… I suppose that’s true from my perspective as well.”

Josef nodded in understanding at Zayar’s words.

Bam!

“Ugh!”

At that moment, Zayar’s palm struck the back of Vlad’s head.

“There. Don’t come back after getting beaten up anywhere else, except by me.”

“Is this a compliment?”

“If you’re a knight, you should be on alert as if it’s a real battle anytime, anywhere. You just died once.”

Vlad could only rub the back of his head at Zayar’s actions, not knowing whether he was criticizing or praising him.

“No need to use this guy…”

“Not right now.”

“Did you hear? Go out.”

Unlike regular knights, Zayar served as the closest guard to Josef.

“…Alright, I’ll go.”

The words also meant that there was no need to stick close to Zayar all day like the other squires.

Vlad left the tent and muttered in a quiet voice that no one could hear.

“He spars with me twice a day. It’s getting monotonous.”

[Kid. That is truly a golden opportunity.]

The voice spoke to Vlad, who was scratching the back of his head and quietly complaining.

[If others were in your shoes, they would gladly pay to spar with Zayar. He’s a knight of that much value.]

“It just seems like he wants to hit me.”

[That’s why the quality of the sparring has improved. Enthusiasm is crucial no matter where you are.]

“…”

Morning and evening, sparring with Zayar was the only fixed routine for Vlad.

Apart from that, Vlad had all the free time in the world.

Now that he was no longer a mercenary, there was no need for him to venture into the forest for subjugation, and there were plenty of mercenaries around in order to do the chores for him.

“I should go see Priest Andrea.”

[It will be convenient in one way or another to build a relationship with an influential person.]

Immediately after the mask of Riemann was removed and his true face was revealed, Vlad confessed his sins like a lamb in front of Andrea.

“There are times when honesty is the answer.”

[A head-on breakthrough is the cleanest way.]

A relationship with a prestigious priest was worth putting aside one’s pride.

“God forgives everything. Just as I am here now for you to hear your words.”

Even if Vlad deceived him, Priest Andrea listened to all of Vlad’s confessions and forgave him. He even expressed gratitude for coming to him and confessing all his sins.

He was indeed a priest worthy of admiration.

[If you consistently show your face, there will come a day when you earn his favor.]

There were some crises over the past few days, but in the end, he became a knight’s squire and his relationship with priest Andrea became stronger again, so Vlad took the best he could from this monster subjugation mission.

“Well, how about chopping some firewood?”

To impress Andrea, Vlad started chopping firewood for him.

“Captain! Riemann… No, Captain!”

In the midst of chopping wood, a desperate voice called out to Vlad.

“When did you return?”

Even though Vlad showed a disinterested reaction, Gott looked around anxiously and spoke urgently.

“Captain.”

“Why are you calling me your captain? I’m not a captain anymore.”

“Then, Vlad.”

“Don’t act like we’re close.”

“No, then what should I call you…”

Gott was protesting in an aggrieved voice, but he cautiously approached Vlad, who was chopping firewood, as if this was not the time.

“What?”

“I’m planning to escape from here tonight.”

“Why?”

“Don’t forget that I’m saying this only as goodwill. Consider it goodwill for later when you laugh about it.”

Vlad chuckled at the goodwill expressed by the swindler.

“Sure, what do you want to say?”

“….. Don’t take my words lightly. I’ve seen it with my own eyes.”

It was only then that Vlad put down the ax he had been using to chop firewood as Gott’s demeanor was completely different from usual.

“What is it?”

Gott said in a low voice, looking at Vlad who was finally ready to listen to him.

“That forest. The forest we’re subduing.”

With a trembling voice and uncertain gaze, Gott continued.

“That forest is cursed.”

“What?”

The swindler’s words seemed to carry genuine sincerity.

“We’ve had some deserters so far, right? Even though the pay is good and the working conditions aren’t bad here.”

“That’s true.”

While Vlad was getting more absorbed in Gott’s story, Gott spoke in a hushed voice.

“All those deserters, they were taken by the forest. Not just deserters, but real missing people.”

“What? Are you saying there are ghosts in the forest kidnapping people?”

Certainly, there were deserters even in a decent working environment. However, since mercenaries, by nature, were individuals who preferred to move freely and do as they pleased, Vlad had simply overlooked it.

“There is a ghost. I saw it for real.”

“You’re insane. Just leave.”

Although Vlad had entertained the somewhat plausible story, he rapidly lost interest when absurd and vague statements started coming out.

“Even the knight went missing during this subjugation! It’s not a lie!”

Until Gott’s next words.

“What?”

“And I investigated once when I returned, you know?”

When Gott said that the knight was missing, Vlad sensed that the situation was unusual.

“The ones who are still missing.”

When does a swindler tell a lie?

It is only a moment when he benefits.

“They all had black hair.”

“What?”

However, for Gott, now wasn’t the time for such matters.

Vlad looked at Gott again, realizing the gravity of the situation.

“Isn’t it strange? All of them had black hair.”

He was truly afraid.