# Chapter 43: A vacation that doesn&#8217;t feel like a vacation (3)

“Ugh.”

A middle-aged knight, helplessly leaning against a wall, coughing up blood.

As he collapsed slowly, only a lamentable trail of black blood remained behind him.

The sweat dripping down his face weighed down the corners of his eyes, but the knight tried to stay awake.

It was all over, but he was the one forced to witness the end.

Jab-jab-jab

The man heard the sound of someone walking towards him.

Blurry vision, buzzing in his ears, and distant shouts.

Mixed with these things was the sound of approaching footsteps, silent yet unsettling.

“Have you been here?”

“…You made it here, after all.”

Now, a mansion dyed red with blood.

The knight whose duty was to protect it looked at the man who had traversed the hallway.

What one sees in the last moments of their life is only…

It can only be death.

“My lord’s honor comes first… Cough, when you say your honor is second, I don’t think you mean you just follow orders.”

“My lord’s honor is second…”

The blue glow of moonlight entered through the hallway window.

The man standing silently beside it only listened to the last words of the slowly collapsing knight.

“The knights of Count Gaidar were not like this.”

“That’s why they all died…”

A sword, shining in the moonlight, entered my increasingly faint vision.

It was a beautiful light, out of place here.

“That light, too, will eventually die.”

“…..”

With those words, the moonlit blue knight raised his sword high.

The backlight of the moonlight made it impossible to see his expression, but you could almost tell.

“…Godin. Deliver this to Count Gaidar.”

Winners above, losers below.

“I’ll be waiting for you in hell.”

Fuuk-.

All according to the decision of the victor.

Red blood dripped down the white hallway.

“…I will.”

A mansion somewhere that had been filled with screams moments before.

Now, it was silent, bathed in the blue light of the moon.

Everywhere the moonlight shone, the screams were painted red.

***

A boy rested his face on the carriage window sill, looking outside with a disgruntled expression.

“When will we arrive?”

“We’re almost there.”

“You said we were almost there a while ago.”

“….”

Vlad was annoyed.

He knew his home was in Sturma, and he would reach it in half a day, no matter how long it took.

But instead of half a day, Vlad had to leave Sturma and travel for one more day.

This was a punishment for Vlad, who was already tired of traveling by carriage.

“At this time of year, our whole family goes to the summer house. The meadow grass is sprouting.”

“If we were going to the countryside, you should have told me from the beginning.”

“I’m sorry….”

But what’s done is done, so what can you do?

Portly’s family had now moved to a villa outside the city, not within Sturma.

There, they would enjoy it much more, explained Portly, but Vlad was only annoyed that two days of his precious vacation had been spent traveling.

“Oh…”

“I hope you like the scenery; I wanted to show you this.”

But that feeling didn’t last long.

Indeed, Portly was right, and after just one hill, Vlad’s eyes were filled with a completely different sight.

Meadows as far as the eye could see.

Even Vlad, who had his face glued to the window sill, was stunned by the coolness of the scene.

“If…”

Vlad couldn’t help but marvel at the scene before him.

It was the transition from spring to summer.

Everything was green, and the grass poked its head in response to the warmer weather.

With few trees, the meadows stretched to the horizon, and Vlad felt like he was in the middle of an ocean of a green field.

“The meadows here extend to the front of Varna. Normally, monsters appear from time to time, but this winter is cool after Lord Joseph’s monster slaughter, so we shouldn’t have to worry about that.”

“Really?”

“Yes. You know, what you said you did.”

“Oh. That.”

Every action has an intention.

I realize that my first encounter with Joseph that winter day last year was to make sure the meadow would be safe to use.

“So I have something to do with the landscape.”

Vlad felt a vague pride, as if he had participated in creating this lush meadow.

“I want to shout.”

“I understand. I want to do that sometimes too.”

A world of intense green that makes me want to slam the door and run out.

Feeling like he knew what it must be for the horses frolicking in the distance, Vlad stuck his face out of the carriage and opened his mouth wide to breathe in the rushing air.

“Aaaahhhhhhh-!”

“…Yes. I understand.”

The boy’s scream echoed strongly in the middle of the meadow.

After a lifetime of darkness and confinement, all Vlad wanted was to unleash himself with a constant flood of fresh emotions.

***

As a buoy in a green sea, the country house announces its presence with various colors.

In front of it, someone greets a carriage.

“He’s my family’s butler.”

“Oh. A butler.”

I thought he was a relative because he greeted me so amicably, but he’s a butler.

“Do you have such a big house that you need a butler?”

“We have a total of two butlers in the family.”

“…Really?”

The Kannor House may not be a noble family, but it holds its share of influence in Sturma.

I befriended Portly with that in mind, but the wealth of the Kannor House was beyond the imagination of a street-raised child.

“Long time no see, Butler!”

“It has indeed been a while, Young Master.”

Puppies, regardless of their size, were always eager to be embraced by their masters.

And right now, Portly was a perfect example.

Somehow, the old butler’s legs trembled as he held the chubby puppy.

“And my father?”

Portly, the younger son of Kannor, was apparently very dear to the house, judging by the way he spoke with the butler.

But no one else besides the butler had come out to greet the guest, even though Vlad, who had been eagerly awaiting their arrival, was right in front of him.

“Well…”

Expressing his embarrassment with a bitter smile, the butler asked Vlad to forgive him.

“My lord is busy receiving our unexpected guests… So why don’t you take a look at our family home first.”

You have an unexpected guest.

Seeing the butler’s puzzled expression, Vlad responded with indifference.

“Whatever.”

It was almost rude to ask him to wait, as another guest had arrived, but Vlad didn’t mind.

“Thank you for your consideration.”

Seeing Vlad, the wrinkles on the old butler’s face widened.

[Well done, a generous heart will return a favor someday.]

‘…I didn’t mean that.’

Vlad replied quietly as he heard the voice.

When had they treated him well?

Even now, though he had faded into the background, it would be a dream compared to what it had been.

And if you expect to be treated well for what you did in Deirmar, you’re going to be slow-witted and stiff in whatever you do.

So the boy decided to be as bold as possible in everything he did.

“I’d rather see the horses first. I have high hopes.”

“Of course, the lord himself will introduce you to the really expensive ones, but it wouldn’t hurt to have a preview of the rest.”

Instead, I’ll have to find and eat the ones that allow me.

Make concessions but never lose; that had been the boy’s life until then.

***

Heeeeeeeeeeeee-ing

¡Thump, thump, thump!

“….”

“….”

Cows, horses, and sheep. And dogs.

All the animals in the meadow had seen Vlad, and they were scared, fleeing.

“…This can’t be serious.”

Portly and Vlad had seen it coming, but the old butler, who had never seen anything like it, was beyond belief.

“Have you ever been to… church?”

“Yes, my identity is endorsed by Father Andreas.”

“Oh, my apologies.”

The deacon, who had asked if you were cursed or something, could only bow his head at the name that came out of Vlad’s mouth.

As the butler of the Kannor family, whose lineage had been dedicated to farming and livestock for generations, he was an expert with animals.

But he swore he had never seen horses and sheep flee from someone like they were doing now.

I can’t even ride a cow.

Whether the old butler next to him seemed surprised or not, Vlad could only stare blankly at the empty enclosure.

Goethe had jokingly suggested that maybe he should try riding a cow, but even that seemed impossible now.

Vlad felt dejected.

“….”

Portly, watching the scene, felt sorry for him and reassured Vlad.

“Go see all the ones on our ranch; there might be one for you.”

I’ll show you all the guys here.

I’ll show you each one of them, fighting, riding, working, killing, whatever.

“But I’m sure there’s at least one that will follow me, right?”

“Of course!”

But promises don’t always come true.

Still, there were a couple of people tracking the ranch, just in case, but they were too busy trying to avoid Vlad.

Meanwhile, the beloved butler had a hard time.

“Still, I never thought it would be this bad…”

Vlad had been prepared for this to happen, but now that it was happening in front of him, he was going crazy.

It felt as if the handful of hope he had left was being crushed.

It doesn’t matter if he can use aura.

He can’t even ride a horse.

“I’ll be walking, eating dirt, while everyone else is going on cool rides and stuff…”

“I still have some good horses that my father brought me…”

But he would need to get the lord’s permission to bring them back.

Vlad returned to the cabin with a heavy heart, his hopes fading away.

The day’s sun, sinking on the horizon, only dyed the slumped shoulders of the young man in red.

***

“Tadak-tadak-tchik-”

“….”

Upon entering the restaurant, Vlad was left dumbfounded. Meats relentlessly roasting over braziers tended to by servants. The warmth of the room heated Vlad’s heart and lifted his spirits.

I’m glad to be here.

Although he had complained about the distance from the carriage, Vlad sincerely thought the same as he beheld the scene now.

It had been worth it.

“Welcome, and I apologize for not being able to greet our honorable guest in person!”

Vlad stood stiff as a board in front of the rotating meat, rolling his eyes.

Orsen Kannor, the head of the Kannor House and Portly’s father, patted the boy’s back with a thick hand, seemingly amused by Vlad’s carefree reaction.

“Nice to meet you, Vlad, squire of House Bayezid.”

“I know, I know; rumors about you are already spreading all over Sturma!”

Orsen Kannor smirked as he watched Vlad bow, a gesture he had learned from Countess Oksana.

It had been a long time since the boy invoked the discipline of the Sword Master.

The people of Sturma, upon learning that the boy was in their city, spoke of Vlad with a certain pride.

The birth of a new star was always welcomed.

‘Looks like Portly has made a friend!’

Orsen Kannor’s stomach growled, even though he hadn’t eaten, as he looked at the lanky boy before him.

He had been concerned about Portly adapting to life in Bayezid’s mansion, but the sight of the boy in front of him made his worries fade away.

He looks so clean, trustworthy, and, above all, like he wants to be given a lot of dry food.

“Sit down,” he said, “for it’s been a long time since I heard a Sword Master talk about discipline!”

Vlad observed Orsen’s behavior, trying to deduce his disposition from his alley habits.

There was sincerity in his gaze and behavior, and an air of dignity in his broad smile.

He had the air of a hospitable man, and judging by his eagerness to attend to guests, he seemed quite outgoing.

In other words, he seemed like the right kind of person to do business with.

“I’m very happy to own this house, as today we have very distinguished guests!”

While Vlad listened to Orsen’s words, he remembered that he wasn’t the only guest here today.

“Do you have guests from other places?

Vlad was unfamiliar with the norms of noble or wealthy families, so he could only assume that the owner of this place would know.

“Besides, everyone here is from Bayezid, so that’s an advantage!”

“Bayezid?”

Vlad scratched his head upon hearing that the other guests were also from Bayezid.

It was then that Vlad realized the identity of the other guests and followed Orsen to his seat.

“….”

Their strength.

Men with a strong aura, too, with a refined sense of momentum.

Vlad might have held his head high when he knew nothing about them, but now that he had glimpsed the world, the strength they exuded was overwhelming.

And then there was the man sitting in the midst of them, looking at him as if he owned the place.

The man with familiar dark hair smiled at Vlad.

“Long time no see, how have you been?”

The man resembled his master, but instead of dark tones of sadness, he wore a confident smile.

“I didn’t know I would be in a place like this, Lord Rutiger.”

Rutiger Bayezid, the eldest son of House Bayezid.

He was smiling at Vlad.

“I don’t know if you’re allowed to eat with me today, but these are too good to pass up.”

Before Rutiger could finish his sentence, the knights sitting beside him began to grow furious.

And rightly so.

The brat who had rejected his lord’s favor was sitting in front of them.

“…..”

Rutiger grimaced, pointing his thumb at the whole roasted pig that kept turning endlessly behind him.

Looking at him, Vlad thought.

So why insist on eating peanuts?

For a man with such fierce momentum.

“…I’ll be fine today.”

But Vlad didn’t lower his head, even though he shivered.

He just looked ahead, decisively gripping the fork in front of him.

“I was looking forward to it too.”

“…Really?”

Rutiger smiled slyly as he saw the boy staring at him with fierce blue eyes.