# Chapter 12

“Push forward!”

“Narrow the encirclement! Don’t let them escape!”

In the silent winter forest, there was now more intense noise than ever before, at a time when all life should be peacefully asleep.

Squeak, squeak!

“These guys are so ugly.”

Puhh-

Droplets of blood inevitably sprayed with every breath from the armed men.

“Advance!”

Mercenaries had tightly formed an encirclement around the goblin village and were advancing cautiously yet boldly.

Goblins were famous for their outstanding breeding ability.

If you missed even a few here, a similar-sized village would rise again next winter.

If that happens, the employers in Varna wouldn’t be pleased.

“Die, you little bastards!”

“Kiki-grech-!”

Among bipedal monsters, goblins were considered lower-tier, so the mercenaries skillfully cut them.

But life is a series of unpredictable events.

“Holy shit…”

The mercenary who was laughing and chatting until yesterday probably didn’t know that his head would explode today.

Puhh!

It’s also said to be difficult to encounter a Hobgoblin.

Kraaaaaaah!

A ferocious roar echoed above the snow-covered winter forest.

“The 5th sector has been breached!”

“It’s a Hobgoblin! A Hobgoblin!”

Mercenaries, who had been fighting goblins for a while, spotted a massive being that did not fit the description of a typical goblin.

It has threatening and rugged muscles on its brownish and sticky-looking skin, this Hobgoblin was nothing like the others.

Kraaaaaaah!

This Hobgoblin seemed to be the leader of this village. He was pouring out boundless rage upon the human intruders who had killed its kin.

“What the hell… Why is it here?”

As the formidable Hobgoblin appeared, the mercenaries swiftly withdrew and readied their formations.

“What are you doing? Get out there right now!”

“We didn’t hear anything about a Hobgoblin!”

“Do you think you’ll get paid for acting like this?”

“Then why don’t you go out there yourself, Knight?”

Even the Knight who was leading them in a loud voice fell silent at the mercenaries’ criticism.

“This… this guy!”

The Knight only trembled in anger, but he didn’t draw his sword.

The knight wasn’t particularly skilled even in his youth, and now, after aging considerably, he had long lost his abilities as a Knight.

“Damn it! We can handle it if we charge together!”

The Knight couldn’t bring himself to step up, but some of the mercenaries started banding together. If they cooperated well, they might stand a chance against the Hobgoblin.

However, the individuals in this place were not dispatched as a group from a single mercenary company.

“Then you should have hired the expensive mercenaries!”

They had no long-standing camaraderie to rely on, and there was also no one skilled enough to be noticed by the mercenary group in the first place.

Ssruurk-

Except for one.

“… I’ll do it this time.”

While the enraged Hobgoblin was searching for its next prey,

Paat-

White snowflakes flew up from behind the Hobgoblin.

Huh?

The hobgoblin turned its head in response to the disturbance, but it saw nothing but a snowstorm that seemed created by someone.

“Hmph!”

One mercenary swiftly approached the Hobgoblin with a graceful dash.

The sparkle created by the unadorned sword instantly cut through the hobgoblin’s heels.

Kraaaaaaah!

[Above.]

“I saw it.”

Hobgoblin, who finally saw the man running towards him, let out an angry roar and struck down his huge club.

Puh-!

“Agh!”

“What kind of strength is this?”

It was a formidable strength, to say the least.

The Hobgoblin possessed an incredible power that was difficult to believe, boasting strength far beyond what one would expect from a typical goblin.

The aftermath of its strike turned into a lightning bolt made of snow, bounced off at those around it.

“Fall back!”

“I can’t see anything!”

A pure white curtain made of snow covered everything in the surroundings.

[Now!]

And it was now.

The moment the mercenary had been waiting for.

The Hobgoblin brought its club down onto the ground with all its might and it stiffened for a moment.

“This time, it’s for real.”

The blonde man’s blue eyes gave off a peculiar glint.

Huh?

The Hobgoblin saw it.

Even in the mist of snow, it saw the cold and focused gaze fixed upon it.

This was unlike the eyes of humans it had seen until now.

It was like the gaze of a predator hunting its prey.

“······!”

In an instant, a flash of light colder than snow passed by the hobgoblin’s waist.

A clean horizontal slash was executed before its upturned eyes could fall to the ground.

The sword alone at a moment when everyone else was standing still, and it was a sword path with will, not just a swing.

I will cut you.

Kraaaaaaah!

The Hobgoblin, who had been triumphant moments ago, suddenly let out a piercing scream as the solid steel penetrated his skin.

“Damn it!”

[Pull back!]

It was excellent, but still not enough.

Hearing the hobgoblin’s ear-piercing scream, the blonde man realized that he had not been able to cut down his target with a single blow.

“Another failure!”

Kraaaaaaah!

Wow-!

Vlad’s sword was not yet ripe enough to cut through the tough hide of the hobgoblin and break its hard bones.

Puh-!

Just as Vlad rolled out of the Hobgoblin’s reach, a gust of wind swept across the ground where he had been moments before.

[Are you really that dumb? Can’t you do it even if I tell you?]

Vlad clenched his teeth as he heard the voice echoing in his head.

‘You would be a genius if you could do everything just by following instructions.’

Regardless of the criticism of voice, Vlad couldn’t help but be proud of the strike he had just made. He had created it in just one month of serious sword training.

It was just that it hadn’t finished the job in one blow.

“It’s just a bit of a turnaround.”

Vlad’s eyes lit up as he saw the Hobgoblin swinging his club back and forth while holding onto his side.

“If it doesn’t work in one strike, I can just hit it twice.”

[The fact that you think you will get a second chance in a real battle is proof that you are still a brat.]

Ignoring the voice in his head, Vlad exerted more power in his leg muscles.

Vlad utilized his exceptional physical abilities, and once again leaped into the snowstorm.

Kraaaaaaah!

The Hobgoblin swung its club furiously at the approaching unseen silver light, but it was all in vain.

“Praying Riemann…”

The white curtain was lifted, and an unbelievable sight unfolded before everyone present in the area.

The ruler of this domain was retreating in fear, and the sword path that cut it in half without hesitation.

Bright red blood stains spread across the white snow field.

※※※※- Part 2

The aftermath of the recent subjugation in the winter forest.

The mercenaries who were well aware of the goblins’ trait to collect shiny things were combing through the goblin’s tents, scattering across the village.

Precisely speaking, only a few of the mercenaries were doing this, while others were eagerly waiting for a chance to approach the scene but refrained from doing so.

Because they hadn’t received permission from the owner.

The current owner of this place lay in a state of disarray—a Hobgoblin—and the person who had brought it down was a blond man who was rubbing his blood stained hands in the snow.

This place belonged to him from now on.

Taking what belonged to the person who defeated it was the unique right of the victor in any world.

“Captain, you were amazing this time too!”

There was a man with a bright smile approaching Vlad who was wiping away the blood.

“Go and take care of my share.”

“I already did it. Who would dare to touch what is yours, captain?”

A man who stood out even among the mercenaries of the subjugation party.

“Do you want to try working with me after this is over?”

“I am not working with swindlers.”

“Come on now.”

The brown-haired man just smiled despite Vlad’s harsh words.

“Mercenary Badge.”

Vlad stopped what he was doing when he heard the man’s whisper.

“You can’t keep using that badge. I know someone who can counterfeit it perfectly.”

“…If your tongue is light, your head becomes light too, Gott.”

“Too bad. Have I ever caused any harm to you, captain?”

Is it a threat or an offer?

Vlad pondered as he looked at the man with the long chin who spoke in a whisper, wondering if anyone would see.

If it’s an offer, I will warn you, but I will kill you if it is a threat.

Anyone who intends to exploit his weaknesses would have to face the consequences.

Gott, who noticed that Vlad’s eyes had become heavy, whistled and avoided eye contact.

“Take your time to think. I said it out of consideration of you, captain…”

Gott backed off instinctively, as if he had perceived Vlad’s warning in his gaze.

Gott, who had been by Vlad’s side all along, knew better what happened to the few who ignored this warning.

Vlad held the position of the captain of a ten men team in the subjugation unit, leading only seven mercenaries.

“Have you all collected everything!”

Vlad shouted loudly to his team members, as if he didn’t want to listen to Gott’s words anymore.

“Almost done, captain!”

“I thought we might find something valuable since there was a Hobgoblin. Damn!”

Even so, the men held various ornaments in their hands.

“Stop talking nonsense. Gather those things and bring them all to the Knight’s tent.”

“Everything? We should at least skim off some.”

Vlad looked at Gott with a disdainful eye.

“There has to be something to leave for them. You idiot.”

“Still…”

“And, anyway, you’re going to skim off anything, at least do it with something big. Why waste time over trivial stuff?”

There was nothing particularly wrong with what the man named Goat said.

Even the knights receiving their share of the loot knew that the mercenaries would sneak away with various items. It was a common practice and an accepted norm among mercenaries.

“I will keep an eye on things from a distance.”

However, Vlad had a different perspective from the ordinary mercenaries. While he had grown up in the back alleys, there were adults around him from whom he could learn.

He learned from Harven and Jorge, and even Marcella was also a woman with a lot to learn.

“Look, these guys have a different mindset. If we have your sword and my mind…”

“If you don’t want your head and body speareated, go away right now.”

Dealing with those who couldn’t understand his words was tiring.

“Right now.”

And Vlad hated being tired.

“Okay, okay. I’m going right now.”

Gott, who had been overwhelmed by the momentum Vlad was giving off earlier, quickly gathered the loot and started running towards the thick-cheeked knight.

“Hey, keep an eye on me for a bit.”

“Are you going to pray?”

“Yeah.”

“You sure are persistent.”

Vlad called one of his mercenaries from the group, and moved away from the battlefield to a nearby grassy area.

“Don’t come too close.”

The afternoon sun was streaming through the straight coniferous trees.

“Hu.”

Vlad planted his sword in the ground, got down on one knee, and lowered his head.

“O Lord… Thank you for watching over me today.”

The golden sunlight rested upon his tousled blond hair.

Although he was at a distance, all the mercenaries in the vicinity were watching him.

“The sight is killing me.”

“Is he a real noble?”

“At least, he can’t be from the same background as us, right?”

Vlad’s appearance, bathed in golden light and accompanied by his sword, left no doubt that he resembled a holy knight.

Some people, who were looking at Vlad, whispered that he must be the son of a nobleman who had left his family, while others believed he was an abandoned child of some noble lineage.

Vlad exuded an aura of mystery that made it difficult for anyone to approach him lightly.

However, if anyone were to get a little closer to the enigmatic figure, they would surely uncover the truth about him.

“Ah, shit. This isn’t working. But…”

[Dumbass. Haven’t you heard that the secret to a single-strike kill lies in its unpredictability?]

This person named Riemann wasn’t praying.

The prayer was only a facade, and it was full of only suspicious conversation.