# Chapter 5

An empty lot, deep in the back alleys of the city.

A boy was sweating profusely as he swung a wooden stick in that lot.

“Huff!”

It might have been a small and unsightly place, but this was the very first land that Vlad had acquired through his own strength.

The boy couldn’t hold anything in his hands from the moment he was born, but it was the first thing he had obtained through struggle.

And until a few years ago, it was also the place where Vlad, Zemina, and Harven had found shelter and warmth.

‘There’s no need to fix it.’

A hut that used to be his home, but has now collapsed because of being abandoned.

Vlad gazed at it silently for a while and turned his attention back to the tip of the stick.

Everything that has a shape is destined to collapse.

The hut might look pitiful, but it had served its purpose, and all that remained was to cherish the memories.

Because he won’t be going back there anymore.

Boom-

Once again, Vlad began to focus his mind on the end of the stick, repeating the basics that Jorge had subtly taught him.

It was a cold winter, but the boy’s back was already covered in sweat.

Vlad was like a hedgehog armed with the thorns of pride, but he was also a child with an insatiable desire to learn.

Harven had shown him the way.

Harven had taught himself to read and understand numbers through his sharp mind and is now using them to work under Captain Hoover.

Harven was handicapped, with severed fingers and the inability to walk properly.

If he had neglected his learning, he might have been begging on some street corner by now.

“Huff!”

The experience of learning through effort and climbing higher through knowledge—a rare experience for those living in the alleys with little hope—Vlad had witnessed this firsthand.

That’s why Vlad was swinging a wooden stick after finishing his daily work.

However…

The beads of sweat rolled down Vlad’s face as he repeated the basics, and his expression began to contort.

[······.]

“······Damn. This bullshit whenever I swing something.”

It was a silent vacant lot with no one around, but only Vlad could hear it clearly.

A voice echoing in his head.

Vlad shook his head vigorously to try and ignore it, but…

[You should narrow the angle of your elbow when you strike down, boy.]

However, an unknown voice was persistently speaking to Vlad.

He heard this voice as long as he held something like a stick even if he blocked his ears or shouted for it to be kept quiet.

“······I should buy holy water with the money I earned this time.”

Vlad couldn’t tell whether the voice was trying to give him advice or interfering with training, but he felt confused when heard the voice.

“Why did lightning have to strike me back then?”

Vlad felt irritation and anger, and once again began to swing the wooden stick.

For a boy who was burdened with thoughts of just surviving, the current situation was enough to make him want to vent his anger.

The voices in Vlad’s head had started a month ago.

A bolt of lightning suddenly struck him just as he was walking through the back alleys.

No matter how cautious he was, it was impossible to stop lightning falling from the sky.

It was literally lightning out of blue.

That alone was an inexplicable and bizarre natural phenomenon, but the problem was that the lightning that struck him was black.

To anyone who saw it, it was inexplicable and eerie, and the strange and ominous event of that day still followed Vlad in the form of rumors.

Rumor has it that Vlad had been possessed by a devil.

“So, I went to the church with the little money I had and even made an offering.”

Because the ominous content that the rumors carried was somewhat true.

Vlad was aware of this and quickly went to the church, made an offering, and helped with the church’s work to prove his innocence and solve the problem.

“I just wasted my hard-earned money!”

Despite Vlad’s efforts, he still hears that voice.

Everything he had done until now had been in vain, so he couldn’t contain his frustration any longer.

However, he couldn’t simply tell the church that there was someone speaking to him in his head; if he did, he might be taken away and subjected to punishment, even burned at stake because he was just an alley boy.

No, he couldn’t let that happen.

The world was harsher to the weak.

“Ha.”

After venting his frustration for a while, Vlad felt that the being that had been talking to him had fallen silent.

“Ignore it! I heard that the more you respond, the more it clings to you!”

Remembering Zemina’s warning, Vlad tried to regain his composure.

“Vlad! Jorge is calling you!”

“…”

Vlad frowned when the girl he was thinking about just a moment ago suddenly popped out right next to him.

“I am done for today.”

Vlad couldn’t afford to just practice like the noble children. He was just a person from the back alleys who had to work every day to avoid going hungry for two days.

“Okay.”

“Now hurry! I deliberately gave you some extra time because I knew you were practicing.”

“…. I said I got it.”

It was time to wake up from his dreams and return to the grim reality.

Before answering Zemina’s call, Vlad decided to give one last swing.

“Sigh…”

Always give your best in the last one.

Focus all your mind and strength.

And strike down.

[Narrow it!]

“…”

At that moment, a sharp voice echoed in his head.

Vlad startled by the voice and unconsciously narrowed the angle of his elbow .

Boom-!

He could feel the fierce wind and the powerful strike of the wooden stick unlike before.

“Wow.”

It had come down so neatly that it had even surprised Zemina, who had been observing him closely.

“…..Damn it.”

Now Vlad had no choice but to admit that it was right to narrow the angle of his elbow.

And the unknown being within his head knows how to wield a sword well.

Earlier Vlad was just swinging the stick around, but what he had just executed along with that voice was a genuine sword path.

※※※※

Though it was described as an alley, it was clearly a part of the city.

The Shoara city was enormous, and as a result, its back alley area was also extensive. This naturally led to the formation of a bustling downtown area within the back alleys.

The territories of five bosses who rule the back alleys were centered around the downtown, so members of each organization refrained from making a big fuss or acting out in this area.

Therefore, it was always a place full of the voices of drinkers and merchants.

However, that wasn’t the case now.

“…”

“…”

Vlad and Zemina were walking down a busy back alley.

They were usually bantering and chatting as they strolled together, but now, they had no choice but to walk in silence.

“It’s too quiet.”

“Everyone knows.”

Vlad silently looked around at the shops in the downtown area, which was unusually hushed.

Some shops had completely closed, and even those that were still open had all their stalls inside, as if they were ready to close at any moment.

“It seems like everyone is expecting a big commotion this time.”

“…”

There had been minor clashes among gang members in the past, but it had been a long time since they had shown such ominous signs.

The downtown merchants were likely anticipating a major storm.

“Aren’t you worried at all?”

Zemina stared at Vlad and asked as he spoke casually.

Vlad may have to be at the forefront of the approaching storm.

Zemina didn’t show it, but she was filled with anxiety that the boy she had been closely attached to for so long would not have much time left before he plunged into the merciless violence.

Vlad was not just her friend but also like a family member to her, and he was one of the few people she could rely on.

“…Don’t go around alone for a while. Actually, it might be better if you don’t leave the shop.”

However, instead of answering Zemina’s question, Vlad was focused on the men at the far end of the downtown who were watching them intently.

There, One-Armed Jack’s subordinate, whom he had defeated, was staring at them with his eyes wide open.

“….Alright.”

Zemina replied while turning her back to Vlad, pretending not to notice the murderous exchange between him and someone else.

It had always been like this. Vlad had never hesitated to fight someone to protect her.

Zemina was always grateful for that, but she had never said it out loud.

But now she thought that perhaps she should convey the words she had kept in her heart before it was too late.

Vlad and Zemina walked through the downtown with their minds occupied by different thoughts, and eventually arrived at Rose’s Smiles.

As they opened the door and stepped inside, the gaze of the staff who were seated in the lobby briefly turned toward them before dispersing.

“What’s going on? Is no one working?”

Vlad spoke up, but no one answered his question.

It was the time for the final check before opening time at Rose’s Smiles. The staff were supposed to be busy arranging the furniture and the women were busy doing their make-up.

However, at this moment, they were gathered in groups of twos and threes and having quiet conversations.

“It’s annoying.”

The tension from the streets seemed to have seeped into the shop.

“Did a war break out or something?”

Vlad was appalled by the sight and muttering as he climbed the stairs to the fourth floor, where Jorge was.

What will happen will happen anyway.

Vlad’s gaze turned cold as he looked at the people huddled together like rabbits.

His nature was bold, so he found it difficult to understand the behavior of ordinary people in such situations.

“You called. Jorge?”

“Yeah, come in.”

Upon reaching the fourth floor, Vlad spotted Jorge laying out food as usual. Vlad felt reassured seeing this. Jorge was from the same category as him.

“You called me?”

“Yeah. Don’t sell candles starting today.”

Vlad’s lips curled upwards upon hearing Jorge’s words.

Some people might have liked it, but Vlad believed that selling candles was not suited to his character.

“So, what should I do from now on? Collecting money from shops or patrolling the area?”

“Hmm…”

Jorge smiled as looked at the shining eyes of Vlad.

He smiled because the young boy before them possessed a strong heart that didn’t cower even in the face of leading the organization.

If he were still a knight, he wouldn’t have hesitated to make Vlad his squire.

“A tip came in that Outsider Jack is recruiting people from the outside. They are mercenaries with a knight’s background.”

“Like you, Jorge?”

“….Yeah, like me.”

Jorge drank the remaining beer with a bitter smile. The spilled beer flowed down his rough beard.

“That bastard seems to be genuinely serious this time.”

“…..”

Vlad listened quietly and nodded his head in response to Jorge’s words.

Money bug, one-armed Jack.

He was a person who mainly worked in the private loan business, and through his abundant wealth, he was able to attract gang members and form the largest force in the back alleys.

However, one-armed Jack had always been wary of Jorge. This was because of Jorge’s capabilities as a knight.

No matter what their numbers are, a flock of sheep is no match for a wolf.

Moreover, no matter how much money they had, truly talented people did not easily lend their swords to back alley bosses.

That’s why former knight Jorge had become an insurmountable wall for Jack.

So, one-armed Jack relied on the number of his organization’s members, while Jorge relied on himself.

They maintained an odd balance by not intruding upon each other.

However, things would change if one-armed Jack succeeded in inviting a swordsman who could stand up to Jorge.

“If that happens, we are at a disadvantage. That’s why I need you.”

“Me?”

Vlad’s eyes widened in surprise as his name suddenly came up.

“Yeah, you. This is something only you, the former child prodigy of our organization, can do.”

Jorge was smiling.

“As the boss of the organization, I’m giving you your first mission.”

Vlad did not show a speck of tension, or fear. He was waiting for these words eagerly.

For Jorge, watching young children with potential was always a pleasure.