# Chapter 18

“Thank you, Lord, for taking care of my day again today…”

Late at night.

Priest Andrea, who was stationed at the base camp, was finishing the day with a prayer to the god.

Even the young deacon who always accompanied him had joined hands and was praying alongside him.

“Always be my light so that I can walk the right path.”

The young deacon, who was busy copying what Andrea was saying, opened his eyes gently when the prayer he was hearing suddenly stopped.

“Priest?”

Even at the call of the young decon, Andrea did not continue the prayer.

Instead, he simply stared at the silver cup in front of him with his eyes wide open.

“Oh, Lord…”

The purifying water in the pure silver cup.

It was making a small ripple, as if trying to convey some kind of warning.

As the winter fields dimmed with the setting sun.

Thick mist, reminiscent of what one might see on the riverbank, was spreading over the base camp of the subjugation team.

Along with the voice of a woman desperately searching for something.

-Baby, my baby.

It came with a thick fog and was made from someone’s tears.

-Where is my baby?

※※※※

Roar!

“Ha!”

Zayar swung his sword and pondered.

This was a trap.

Someone carefully arranged things so that he would make the judgment of crossing the river, and it started at the time of sunset.

The trap was meticulously designed.

“Everyone, look at me! Form a defensive formation around me!”

Zayar now closed his left eye, which no longer existed.

Then, the green aura began to flow from the sword that Zayar was holding like the Milky Way.

It was the only thing shining under the darkening sky.

“Gather! Come together here!”

“We have a knight among us!”

Following Zayar’s command, the mercenaries who had crossed the river formed a defensive formation.

The mercenaries who followed all their human instincts and gathered to Zayar’s side were only then able to calmly look at the beings that threatened them.

Roar!

Aaahhh!

They were the dead.

And strangely, all of them had black hair.

‘We got caught in a trap.’

Zayar suppressed his inner turmoil as he looked at the dead people with black hair who reminded him of someone.

Someone laid this trap intentionally. It was created with evil intentions to hurt someone.

And while Zayar didn’t know who created this trap, he could sense that it was aimed at someone.

‘Lord Josef!’

The ice of the river crumbled, leaving him isolated with the mercenaries.

This trap was set to separate him and Josef.

“Vlad! Can you hear me?”

Regardless of whose intention it was, the trap was successful. Even if he turned around and went back now, it would take half a day to reach Josef.

Roar!

No, it might take even longer.

“Sir Zayar!”

The boy was swinging his sword at the dead in the increasingly waning sunlight.

The blond hair of the boy fluttered, shining along with the setting sun.

‘I might need one more sword!’

As a precaution, he left three knights with Priest Andrea. And since there were about 50 mercenaries waiting at the base camp, a smart Josef would be able to withstand any threat.

He hoped so.

“Vlad of Shoara! Fulfill the contract!”

Zayar thought of what was best for Josef even as the hands of death constantly approached him.

“What should I do-!”

“Go back to the base camp right now! Protect Lord Josef according to the contract made before God!”

A loud cry mixed with the aura flowed across the river.

The arrogant boy on the other side dared to impose conditions on his master.

Now, it was time to fulfill the contract without even understanding the terms.

“Right now!”

“…Understood-!”

At the end of Zayar’s gaze, Vlad and Gott were seen sheathing their swords and quickly turning back.

‘Oh Lord.’

Watching the two figures gradually recede, Zayar earnestly prayed to God to save Josef. He only wished for them to reach the base safely.

“Knight! From the forest!”

And now it was time for him to take care of himself.

“Ughhh…”

There was a group of people walking out of the forest. Though not frozen, they were undoubtedly cold individuals.

“Haa…”

With a bitter feeling, Zayar pointed his sword towards those emerging from the forest.

Especially towards the one at the forefront.

“I came too late. Rodrick.”

There was a knight there, with a distorted breastplate and vicious white eyes.

“Ughhh.”

Even on a cold winter day, no white breath escaped Rodrick’s mouth.

※※※※

“Hiyeeek!”

“Heup!”

Vlad’s sword suddenly cut off the thing that jumped out and blocked Goth’s path.

Swoosh!

It seemed like he had just died, and black blood was gushing out.

“Captain!”

“Where’s the horse!”

At Vlad’s shout, Gott quickly turned his head, scanning for the horse’s location.

The situation with Vlad and Gott might be worse than what Zayar faced across the river.

There were at least ten of them gathered together and they were accompanied by a knight, a symbol of force.

“Hey! Sir Zayar tied the horse over there!”

“Let’s go!”

However, only Gott was by Vlad’s side.

‘I have to escape!’

Vlad didn’t have much of a choice.

The only remaining option was to use all his strength to run towards the base camp, cutting and dodging through the enemies.

Vlad and Gott ran up the riverbank toward the place where Zayar had tied up his horse.

Heeeeeee-!

“Over there!”

Fortunately, the undead hadn’t reached Zayar’s horse yet.

“Losen the reins!”

Vlad turned around, fending off the approaching undead, giving Gott time to untie the horse.

“Hiik! Heeak! Hey, be good!”

Swishhh-

Horses are timid animals.

Even if they were excellent horses that a Bayezid family knight would ride, they couldn’t remain calm with ominous sounds coming from all directions.

Heeeeeee-!

“Hurry!”

“It’s okay! It’s okay! Vlad!”

Gott manages to untie the rope tied to the stake and calls out to Vlad.

“Calm down, please! Let’s survive together!”

However, due to fear, Gott couldn’t control the horse, which was wildly jumping around.

“Get on quickly!”

Until Vlad’s blue eyes met the horse’s gaze.

Vlad jumped on the horse as if flying, quickly grabbed Gott’s hand and lifted him up.

“…”

“What are you doing, Captain! Let’s go!”

“… But how does this thing move?”

“Are you crazy!”

Vlad’s exhausted voice made Gott tear his hair out.

“Why didn’t you say you didn’t know how to ride a horse from the beginning!”

He was a boy who was born in the city and lived in the back alleys his entire life. Vlad’s reality was that he couldn’t even ride a donkey to carry luggage, let alone a horse.

Do I just pull the reins to make a horse move?

“Get down, damn it!”

Gott yelled in frustration seeing the approaching undead.

“If I die, it’s all because of you! You son fo bitch!”

Feeling unfairly treated, Gott shed tears, looking at himself, struggling to switch places and ride.

“Ha!”

Vlad’s sword swung once again towards the approaching undead.

“Get on! You idiot!”

“…”

Vlad had no choice but to pretend he couldn’t hear Gott’s frustrated scream.

Heeeeeee-!

Zayar’s horse, which had finally had a proper rider, raised its front hooves high and galloped forward.

As expected of a knight’s chosen steed, it created a path by trampling everything in its way.

Kraaaa!

Kaaa!

Vlad’s final swing flashed at undead rushing in from all directions.

“Charge!”

With Vlad’s shout, the sun that hung over the mountain beyond, exhaled its last breath and sank away.

Kraaaa!

Vlad and Gott were running through the forest, listening to the cries of the undead echoing behind them.

The sun may have set, but the night had not yet been touched by the moon.

The dusky evening that followed the boy was filled with death.

※※※※

A heavy night fog filled the space between the tents.

Aaaargh!

What is that!

They are the undead!

And the screams of the men echoed through the night fog, resonating within the base camp.

“······!”

Sensing the gravity of the situation, Josef quickly got up from his bed.

“Lord Josef!”

“What’s going on?”

“That, that!”

Vordan, who came into the tent panting, tried to say something with his thick cheeks shaking, but he couldn’t find the words.

“Did you come to me without even understanding the situation?”

“Because Lord Josef’s safety is my top priority!”

“And you do not even have a sword.”

At Josef’s remark, Vordan lowered his head and looked at his belt.

There, only an empty scabbard dangled loosely.

“I envy my brother. He would have hung you right away.”

“I, I apologize.”

Josef quickly put on his clothes and listened intently outside the tent.

A mysterious and eerie sound resonated.

Screams and howls.

The sounds echoed through the air, filling Josef’s ears.

“Lord Josef!”

“Lord Andrea.”

Andrea and his young deacon came in front of Josef, who was just about to leave the tent to assess the situation.

“Any idea what’s going on?”

“It is evil.”

Instead of explaining verbally, Andrea unfolded the Bible he held and showed it to Josef.

“Hmm.”

Priests like Andrea were given various holy relics, and one of them was a Bible written with Holy ink.

‘This is my first time seeing something like this.’

The letters written in the Bible trembled like the leaves of a willow tree under the light of the candle. Though they were just letters, they seemed to be quivering as if frightened by something.

“It’s not usually the sign of a strong presence.”

“You have strong faith, Priest. Isn’t there anything you can do?”

Even without seeing it directly, Josef could sense that some malicious entity with ill intentions was intruding upon his base camp.

The remaining two knights came into the tent out of breath. Fortunately, unlike Vordan, they had brought their swords and armor.

Priest Andrea responded to the dark-eyed man.

“I am not an exorcist.”

Though the will of God is one, the paths to approach God are many. It depended on innate aptitude and manifested talents.

“I am confident if it is a blessing and healing, but if the situation is like now…”

Andrea was an excellent priest, but in a situation where an evil being like the current one was approaching, he couldn’t exert his full power.

He was a person who traveled with monster subjugation teams, selflessly carrying out the will of God, and the most important thing for Priest Andrea would have been his ability to heal the wounded and boost the strength of the warriors.

“I will use my holy power as much as I can, but if it is this level of evil, it may not be of much help.”

“Understood.”

Josef made eye contact with Andrea and the knights following him.

“Move.”

The determined group stepped out of the tent, and what they saw as they emerged was…..

“Kaa… kaaaah!”

“No, I’m not your child!”

Dense night fog surrounded them, and within it, the sight of mercenaries collapsing in terror was evident.

“Is this fog causing confusion?”

“At least it’s not a natural phenomenon.”

Upon hearing those words, Josef quickly took out a handkerchief and covered his mouth. The most unreliable thing in this world was his fragile body.

Some mercenaries with a strong will were running around avoiding the fog, not being mesmerized by the voice of an unknown woman.

‘I’m in trouble.’

Josef was convinced as he watched the base become a mess and out of control.

-Baby, my baby.

As Josef felt a sense of impending doom and bit his lips, there was a figure slowly approaching through the screams of mercenaries and the dark night fog.

“Oh Lord…”

It was a faint impression.

However, its presence was strong.

Step-step-

Every time it took a step forward, the group felt a tingling sensation in the back of their necks.

-Are you there?

There was a woman walking silently towards the group with a pale face.

Black tears streamed down her eyes without rest.

-I finally found you. My baby.

The dark tears were continuously falling down from the woman’s eyes, but in reality only darkness occupied the empty eye sockets.

“…”

Josef could feel it.

The darkness residing in the woman’s eyes was precisely gazing at him.